Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to have to recess with that over here.
But I think in the previous lecture I said, we're going to have two icons, button, but we can just
go with the test widget.
Okay.
Now this three test widgets are going to be displayed horizontally.
That is from left to right.
Okay.
Now within the container.
We are going to have.
A child and the child is going to be a role which at.
And as they know, the rule can take in multiple widgets.
Okay.
Now, the first child is going to be a test widget and this is going to say cuts.
You can try to save and you're going to sit over here.
Okay.
Great.
And we can increase the font size of this test.
It says tie.
And we can then say font size to be 20.
Five.
Okay.
Now we're going to make this test clickable.
In order to do that, we have to wrap this with a button now via a light use controller dots wrap widget.
We can wrap this with a gesture detector.
We can wrap this with an equal or an elevated button.
But we're just going to wrap this with a test button.
It has button and we need to have this compress, which is a function, and for now we can leave it
empty.
Okay.
Now, what we have to do is to copy this.
It's LCA.
Okay.
I'll come over here and paste this.
This is going to be for the order test.
And how did she come over here via and paste?
And this is going to say which list?
Okay.
Now.
You can see.
Okay.
Now, what are we going to do?
Is.
We are.
Over a year.
We can then say main US elements made us this alignment.
This is going to be main as this element space around to have a core space.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can change the color of this.
We can then say, caller, this is going to be callers that may be seen.
Okay.
Close the scene.
I think it's already on CNN.
Or probably we can just change this to black.
Like colours black.
Or you can just go with any colour you desire.
The colours of black.
And.
Colors.
Colors the black.
And.
Call us.
The black hopefully is going to look well.
If not, we're still going to change this.
Okay.
Had the trachoma.
Fully.
Probably we can't just go without saying I think that is okay, but you can just have your own style.
Okay.
And.
Control an effort to save.
Okay.
We have to get rid of this as well.
And that's it over there.
And we can then say font.
Weeds finds weeds.
The board.
We can just copy this.
And so is this.
And.
And Piers, this is control that's to save.
And hopefully now you understand how hero works.
Right.
Okay.
We can just reduce this to 22 or 23.
23.
And.
22 is okay.
Okay.
Hopefully now you understand how the world works.
And in the last lecture, we are finally going to finish this.
Okay.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.